MTA-6893 Document Hub OIDC authentication (#382)
migtools/mta-documentation: docs/topics/mta-install/ref_uri-template-variables.adoc

:_newdoc-version: 2.18.5
:_template-generated: 2025-07-31
:_mod-docs-content-type: REFERENCE

[id="uri-template-variables_{context}"]
= URI template variables

[role="_abstract"]

> The migration toolkit for applications (MTA) Hub OIDC provider must resolve the redirect uniform resource identifier (URI) dynamically in deployment environments such as local development and testing (localhost), OpenShift custom routes, and custom domains. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The {ProductFullName} Hub OpenID Connect (OIDC) provider dynamically resolves the redirect uniform resource identifier (URI) in local development (`localhost`), Red{nbsp}Hat OpenShift Container Platform routes, and custom domain environments.
```

> To prevent entering hard-coded redirect URIs for an {ProductShortName} client deployed in different environments, you can use template variables. In the authorization workflow, the Hub OIDC provider resolves the template variables by substituting them with values in the incoming HTTP request from the OIDC Issuer at runtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To prevent entering hard-coded redirect uniform resource identifiers (URIs) for an {ProductShortName} client deployed in different environments, you can use template variables. In the authorization workflow, the Hub OIDC provider resolves the template variables by substituting them with values from the incoming HTTP request from the OIDC issuer at run time.
```
